{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COMMANDO (CMD)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Type: Tank / DPS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fighting Style: Varied}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Origin: Varied}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Weaponry: Varied}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Key Characters: Baatarsaikhan Kha, M\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92naago }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 History}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Once upon a time, men like me were the column of a group of fighting men. I - all of you know this is no boast - can take twenty times my own number, armed with a single sword and without breaking a sweat. But the days when that was enough to constitute an elite soldier - those days are over. A swordsman who can kill ten men with ease, but can barely wield a firearm with the same skill, cannot operate and maintain a field gun or infiltrate a castrum and get back out without raising the alarms? That man is useless to me except on the frontlines. That might have sufficed during Operation Archon - barely - but no more. The scope of the coming fight against Garlemald is greater. The scope of the battlefield is greater. The stakes are greater.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 War has changed - and if we are going to defeat the might of the Garlean military, we must change, too.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - Raubahn Aldynn, addressing the Eorzean Alliance\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Senior Command}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Eorzean Alliance\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Commandos have their origins in a variety of factors; during Operation Archon and the skirmishes occurring afterward, several problems became clear. First, a lack of unified training regimen resulted in serious logistical problems; while the troops fielded by each Grand Company did train with each other whenever possible, issues continually arose stemming from the vastly different training methods and doctrines. Second, the Eorzean Alliance had no dedicated units akin to the Garlean\u8217\'92s own elite troops; while the EA had \u8220\'93elite\u8221\'94 soldiers with better experience, these soldiers were not part of any defined or permanent organization and had little in the way of specific training or logistics. Seeing the success of the Warriors of Light, Raubahn began working on the formation of a \u8220\'93specialist\u8221\'94 unit dedicated specifically to carrying out what Garleans called \u8220\'93special operations.\u8221\'94 The idea gained traction, albeit slowly, and with the help of several senior soldiers he set about drafting doctrine, warrior ethos, etc. The re-integration of the Ishgardian military to the EA only sped the process; notably, Aymeric de Borel was a strong supporter of the idea.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A core idea of this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93elite unit\u8221\'94 theory was that the EA\u8217\'92s troops should draw from the varied experiences and skills that the diverse city-states of Eorzea could offer; rather than expect their soldiers to specialize in a style of combat, the \u8220\'93Elite Units\u8221\'94 would take elements from everything and anything; Raubahn dreamt of soldiers who would wield any weapon they happened across with reasonable proficiency, of soldiers who could both hold a fortified position and carry out covert operations. By the time Baelsar\u8217\'92s Wall was taken and preparations for the liberation of Ala Mhigo were underway, the first units of this group were formed; in honour of the upcoming invasion and, for the ethnic Ala Mhigans in the unit, the group took on the name \u8220\'93Commandos,\u8221\'94 after the old Galadhish term \u8220\'93Komando,\u8221\'94 (lit. \u8220\'93Troops under command\u8221\'94 in Dhonic.) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Fighting Style}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Lookit me, eh? I could be killin\u8217\'92 any\u8217\'92a you sods with me axe - and ye know it. But that don\u8217\'92t help me in the slightest, say, if me target\u8217\'92s a thousand yalms away. Just as ye don\u8217\'92t use a greatsword like a throwing-knife, ye don\u8217\'92t use pistol when ye wants to be sneaky. That\u8217\'92ll be what ye lot needs to be learnin\u8217\'92 - right tool fer the right job. And that means carryin\u8217\'92 tools so ye never finds yerself without the right one. Yer not swordsmen or axewomen or the like no more - yer Commandos. General Aldynn wants ye to be sneaky, ye do the thing. General Aldynn wants ye to blow a castrum to bits, ye do the thing. General Aldynn wants ye to fuckin\u8217\'92 kill yer way through a whole legion? Ye do so. That\u8217\'92ll be our job, and we\u8217\'92ll be doin\u8217\'92 it whether we\u8217\'92s got resupply or not.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Oh - and don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t be talkin\u8217\'92 up honour or the like. Ye got one job: kill Garleans. Yer not here to dance wi\u8217\'92em. If ye like, ye can say a kind word when ye slit their throats.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - Baatarsaikhan Kha, during a speech to the Eorzean Commandos}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking inspiration from the diverse backgrounds of its constituent soldiers, the Commando fighting style is often remarked upon by outsiders to be as bizarre as it is vicious. Unlike the various Guilds of Eorzea, the Commandos have developed their techniques specifically to counter Garlean soldiers and tactics. While the Guilds have begun to adopt the more war-like ethos spreading through the men and women who fight the Garleans, the Commandos have embraced it wholesale: everything is a weapon, and no tactic or maneuver is off-limits. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Commandos are expected to be proficient with just about any weapon, even if they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t particularly excel in the field. Observers have noted Commandos training and experimenting with a bizarre spread of items, ranging from dueling with captured Garlean gunblades to dueling at close range with farming tools.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Aesthetic}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Commandos were the first to adopt the Eorzean Alliance\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Liberator\u8221\'94 pattern of combat gear; inspired by Garlean combat webbing, the pouches that would often be added by EA soldiers to their own gear in addition to the standard-issue belts, and the various holsters and pouches worn by elite adventurers, the \u8220\'93Liberator\u8221\'94 uniform is the first set of purpose-built clothing and equipment designed specifically to withstand the rigours of large-scale warfare against the Garleans. Produced initially under contract by the Garland Ironworks, the Liberator system differs from earlier armour / uniforms in that it is modular, designed to allow users to attach individual modules as necessary via a system of straps and quick-release buckles. An archer who wishes to carry a sidearm no longer needs to purchase a holster to attach to their belt; rather, they now can simply requistion a \u8220\'93holster module\u8221\'94 and integrate into their own armour, for example.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}