{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moenbryda. I'm REAL excited for her to live b/c she continues to be important}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - 2.2 - the Sahagin priest/Leviathan - the whole thing with the Echo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Urianger gives them her last white auracite before they head to Azys Lla}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Moenbryda and Yda call each other 'sister'. Which could mean that Moenbryda knows exactly who she is. Probably knew the actual Yda. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Alisaie mentions that Moenbryda could fix the aetheryte in the House of Fierce 'with her eyes closed' and that she and Alphinaud learned what they knew of aetherytes from her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - The 'Warrior of Light can shield others within a limited radius from primal branding' was cool (i had been thinking about that myself) but came out of nowhere}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Urianger recreates Moenbryda aether boom stick thing (the aetheric sphion!) to smack down Fordola. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - She would be super usefulin the Leviathan ... situation (Moenbryda/Minfilia tag team???)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Now Moenbryda can show up at Ishgard/be in Ishgard/idk she can give them white auracite herself or hells come along with her axe and chop off Garlean heads. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - What if she went to Doma too? As someone knowing of Lyse's struggles she could help loads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - Moenbryda can poke the Warriors of Light for details on their 'aether-weirdness' and speculate on it and lead to the 'you can shield people!' maybe they can do it together to make the radius bigger or whatever}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Now Moenbryda can make the aetheric sphion and fix the aetheryte (or, idk send notes to Urianger on account of kicking ass with them in the field???)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  screams at SE for wasting a perfectly good character. If you wanted to off someone, Thancred would have been perfect. (i don't actually hate Thancred)(edited)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}