{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Baatarsaikhan Kha}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Fiery and outgoing, Baatarsaikhan is a proud Warrior with a strong sense of justice and a love of battle.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ql\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Basic Information}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Sex: Female}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Au Ra - Xaela}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Date of Birth: 1554, 6th Astral}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Place of Birth: Azim Steppe}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Age (A Realm Reborn - 4th Sun of 1st Astral Moon, Year 5-7U): 23}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Titles}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Appearance}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Tall for a female Au Ra, Baatarsaikhan was of a muscular build even before starting life as an adventurer. Between her red-white eyes, horns and generally rough-looking appearance, strangers often see Baatar\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s rough appearance as being intimidating or unsettling.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She wears her hair unstyled and unkempt, like her mother\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s for most of ARR, though she cuts it short before Operation Archon; she also takes her mother\u8217\'92s face-markings then - a traditional Kha symbol shared by other tribes upon the Steppe which identifies the wearer as someone \u8220\'93in tune with their warrior spirit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Height: 5\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'922 (5 yalms, 2 ilms)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Horns: Forward-curling}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hair: Purple (Natural)}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hairstyle (A Realm Reborn): Unkempt, shaggy; worn to shoulders}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes: Red with white limbal ring}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Skin: Dark Blue}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Distinguishing Markings: Various cuts & scars from injuries sustained during the Calamity; Dotted red lines beneath eyes}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Relations}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Parents: Chinjaal Kha (Mother) and Ganbaatar Kha (Father). Both died in 1558 during the Lominsan-Kha group\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s flight to Eorzea; since then Idertuuya Kha, aged 53 as of the start of ARR has acted as her stepmother (Second-Mother in Xaela parlance.)}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Siblings: }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://8EC082C9-BCDF-4976-B729-69166CFB75D8"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Momolk Molkoh}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  (Adoptive), }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://F656649F-64CC-4ECB-BB7C-9F68CBDFF131"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Xomni\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92to Molkoh}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  (Adoptive)}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Family: Oyuunchimeg Kha (Cousin) and Terbish Kha (Uncle) are Baatarsaikhan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s only surviving family post-Calamity.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Romantic Interests: Kanna Minamoto (rejected), Sidurgu Orl (held off until after Heavensward)}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Class & Character Info}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Education: Little in the way of formal education. Baatar, like the other children of the Lominsan Xaela, was taught Dhonic script and some basic history in the temples of Thaliak in Limsa Lominsa; she struggled with her lessons as a teen in the Arcanists\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 Guild and did not pursue further education after the Calamity.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Languages: Echo-Omniglot. Baatar is fluent in Dhonic, speaking it with a strong sailor\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Lominsan accent; she also speaks Xaela Khel, but her grasp of the language, spoken or writen, diminishes significantly over time until Cherantai spends a great deal of time teaching her during Stormblood on the trip to Kugane. Baatar\u8217\'92s losing of her mother tongue and her reliance on the Echo is a source of great frustration and shame.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Class: Marauder \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 > Warrior}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s fighting style is rooted that used by Lominsan sailors - a brutal combination of sawn-off shotguns, axe, dagger and fists. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 As a Warrior, Baatarsaikhan soon learns of the Inner Beast that other Warriors must deal with and is confused that hers has never manifested or taken over her mind. Baatar\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s innate love of violence and the near-endless reserve of anger and rage for the Garlean Empire which fuels much of her willpower - held since a young age - has meant that Baatar has, in fact, been interacting with her Inner Beast since the age of five. In truth, Baatar no longer lives in opposition to her Inner Beast - she is nearly entirely \u8220\'93in tune\u8221\'94 with it, drawing on it as a source of strength and power rather than worrying about holding it in check. Her use of Inner Release and other \u8220\'93dangerous\u8221\'94 techniques aren\u8217\'92t so much releasing her limits as it is showing her true personality. Only when confronted by Garleans - especially high-ranking ones like Gaius van Baelsar, or traitors like Laurentius - does her Inner Beast begin to spiral out of control. Even then she is not inclined to attack her enemies, instead losing focus on things beyond the fight.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Sub-Classes: Commando (pre-Stormblood); Baatarsaikhan is one of the adventurers approached by Raubahn post-Heavensward to help put together a training regimen and doctrine for the Eorzean Alliance\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Commandos.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Skills: Culinarian, Miner}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan is an excellent cook with an intuitive taste for coming up with new recipes, making use of goods local to her current area - though she lacks Kanna\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s finesse. (She is also rather poor at baking anything beyond basic breads.) She\u8217\'92s also a fairly decent miner.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Free Company: }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 The Biggest Kweh}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  \tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ql\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Personality}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Strengths:}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Weaknesses:}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Echo: Conceptual Reinforcement}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Conceptual Reinforcement is a low-yield reality-warping power which takes Baatarsaikhan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s conception of the world and pushes objective reality towards that concept. It has been constantly active since the Calamity, and despite not figuring out what her manifestation of the Echo is until much later than the other Warriors of Light she makes unconscious use of it on a daily basis. On a basic level, Baatar uses it to enhance her own abilities; she does not need to rest as much as others, can heal faster, is stronger, etc - because she believes she can do, or is all of those things. Even something as innocuous as her belief that she can drink more than anyone else makes use of the power - since Baatarsaikhan believes that she can do so, she can. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The power is tied to Baatar\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s anima and willpower - with enough effort and exertion, Baatar can outright ignore the laws of reality. During her first \u8220\'93activation\u8221\'94 of her ability during the Calamity, Baatarsaikhan was able to walk around, search for and carry the Molkohs despite the fact that both of her legs were broken and her body was, objectively speaking, incapable of doing so. In the same vein, however, \u8220\'93active\u8221\'94 use of her ability drained her anima and willpower - the second she found the medical help she wanted for her siblings, her ability shut off (though she was put to sleep before she could feel the pain of her injuries.) As shown, this power is not limitless - Baatar can only push reality\u8217\'92s laws so hard before it simply re-asserts itself.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  It is also important to note that this effect works in reverse; Baatar, who never excelled at traditional \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93book learning\u8221\'94 in her youth, continues to have difficulty with such despite her being more than capable of technically learning these things as an adult. CR takes her conception that she is not good at studies and reinforces it, making it harder (and in some cases nigh impossible) for her to achieve anything in that field.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext\f1\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Biography}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 Before Eorzea}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan Kha was born in 1554-6A on the Azim Steppe; she was raised until the age of 4 on the Steppe in a small offshoot of the Kha tribe, who unlike most Steppe-dwellers lived on the fringes of Xaela territory and actively sought out elements of non-Auri culture. Thus, Baatar learned to speak not only Xaela, but also Eorzean - and, if she had remained on the Steppe and followed her parents\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92 wishes, would have learned Yamago as well.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Due to the threat of both Garlean incursion and other, more hostile tribes, part of the Kha tribe elected to flee the Steppe; thanks to their contacts with off-continent traders, this offshoot was able to make a deal with the crew of the }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Little Kweh}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 , and arraigned to be given passage to Eorzea. Leading up to the day of pickup (7th of 2U-6A), Garlean troop movement and hostile tribes forced the refugees to move closer to the city; Garlean regulars captured several of the clan\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s scouts and forced them to make a run for the ships in the early morning of the 8th. In the rush through the captured port, a good portion of the clan was killed; of the 79 people who intended to make the journey to Eorzea only 28 actually made it to the boats. Chinjaal and Gonbaatar both died holding back the Garlean troops.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar spent the next two months aboard the }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Little Kweh}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 ; though she and the other refugees were kept belowdecks whenever the ship was in port she was still able to receive gifts from each port, as well as instruction in Eorzean Common, numbers and figures. She also was instructed in the basics of Steppe-living (survival tactics, cooking, and the basics of axe, sword, spear and bow.) She took to the axe quickly, and would strike up a friendship with many of the crew - including Pfarberk Iyrnfhissyn and Arnar Young. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0 Adapting to Eorzea}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0}