{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SHARPSHOOTER (SPS)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Type: DPS}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fighting Style: Focus on long-range elimination of targets; pistol and }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 carabine}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  marksmanship as a backup.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Origin: Lominsan Sharpshooting + Technological advances made by the Skysteel Manufactory and Garlond Ironworks}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Weaponry: Firearms}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Key Characters: Bethany Arkwright, Stephanivien de Haillenarte, Cid Garlond}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 History}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not gunmen, alright? If you can kill a man at a thousand yalms, why do it at two hundred? The point I\u8217\'92m trying to make is that - even with limited ammunition, no backup and delicate tools - we, and only we, can sit atop a hill far out of reach - and sight - of a Garlean officer and end their life with a single trigger-pull. That\u8217\'92s our job. Cid Garlond\u8217\'92s poured more gil than I care to think into these things. Let\u8217\'92s show him the payoff of his investments.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - Bethany Arkwright, addressing the first \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sharp Shooters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Origins}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marksmanship with firearms was generally an ignored practice in Eorzea until the invention and adoption of rifled muskets by Lominsan forces around the late 1400s of the Sixth Astral Era; Garlean forces, despite their ability to manufacture purpose-built and highly-accurate rifles rather than simple gunblades, tended to shy away from such devices en-masse for fear of popular uprising. At the beginning of the Seventh Umbral Era, Lominsan rifled muskets could feasibly remain accurate out to 250-300 yalms in the hands of a well-trained operator; soon enough, though, Bethany Arkwright, a young Corporal in the Maelstrom, proved that it was possible to hit targets even further away, setting a Maelstrom record of hitting a target 460 yalms away. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bethany and several others in the Maelstrom and adventuring community as a whole continued to train with and push the limits of their marksmanship, soon finding that they were hitting a skill ceiling due to the limitations of their rifled muskets and bullets. Their focus, then, shifted to fieldcraft and survival tactics; during preparations for Operation Archon, Bethany worked closely with expert hunters and travelers from Ul\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92dah and Gridania to put into practice this marksmanship to assist with the elimination of high value Garlean targets, forming a group of soldiers from various backgrounds - the four of whom came to be known as the \u8220\'93Sharpshooters.\u8221\'94 Soon enough, limited numbers of Garlean-made gunblades began making their way to gunsmiths in the Eorzean Alliance, but without the sophisticated tools and materials possessed by the Garlean Empire replicating and otherwise reverse-engineering said weapons was more or less impossible. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For a while, elite marksmen like Bethany made do with modifying Garlean gunblades into makeshift rifles, making careful use of bullets scavenged from seized supply caches - until the Garlond Ironworks managed to produce a working weapon derived from the Garlean design - the simply-named \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ironworks Rifle Mark One.\u8221\'94 Delicately constructed, difficult to maintain, harder to build and astronomically expensive in both gil and material cost, the \u8220\'93Cid Special\u8221\'94 (as it came to be affectionately known) became an instant hit thanks to its ability to reliably hit targets up to 400 yalms away. Only six rifles were made before the end of Operation Archon, making a name for itself as Bethany Arkwright scored a kill at a 1500 yalms. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After Operation Archon, work began on a Mark Two of the Ironworks Rifle - though, once again, the Garlond Ironworks continued to struggle with finding pure firesand, refined ceruleum and Garlean-made carbon-fibres and cermets to build the weapons and their cartridges in any serious number. Despite their best efforts to ramp production up of the Ironworks Rifle, airship contracts and the Magitek Division of weaponry very quickly took greater focus - and funding - away from the Ironworks Rifle project.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Ironworks & Manufactory}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The discovery of the Skysteel Manufactory and its revolutionary aetherotransformer technology allowed the development of firearms to accelerate, though not enough to cause the widespread adoption of firearms as an Eorzean weapon. In particular, while the aetherotransformer units produced by the Skysteel Manufactory allowed users to fire projectiles without worrying (as much) about propulsion for cartridges, the complex devices only drove the development and production costs of rifles even higher, and also called for a high level of aether control. With work still progressing on the Ironworks Magitek Rifle project, the Sharpshooters were amongst the few willing to use - and able to pay for - such weapons.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Operation Rhalgr\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Beacon}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By the time Stormblood begins, the Sharpshooters - led by Bethany - had expanded, their ranks going from a paltry four to about two dozen. Formally enshrined as the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93School of Sharpshooting,\u8221\'94 the group, equipped with bleeding-edge rifles, were tasked with scouting enemy territory and eliminating high value targets before quickly making an escape. The Ala Mhigan campaign also heralded the first use of the Ironworks Magitek Rifle Mark One; this Allagan-derived aether-railgun was employed by Bethany Arkwright, with a confirmed kill at 2,500 yalms.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Fighting Style}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure you lot\u8217\'92ve heard tales about us Sharpshooters running amok behind enemy lines, popping Garlean heads ten at a time with rifles and spyglass. Well, I\u8217\'92m here to tell you - that\u8217\'92s tales, nothing more. You will fire your rifle once a day, probably less. You will poison enemy wells, stab people in their sleep and lay out tripwires for days on end. You will dig a pit in the sand and sit there for a week without moving. You will piss into bottles and shit into buckets. All so, a week later, you can fire your gun and take out a single Garlean. Then, you will have the luxury of turning tail and running as fast as you can from overwhelming enemy forces so that, once you hopefully make it back home, you can suit up and do the same thing again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 - Sasaye Saye, briefing Sharpshooter recruits before Operation Rhalgr\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Beacon}
\par\pard\plain \fi1440\ltrch\loch \f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The School of Sharpshooting combines several types of fieldcraft with marksmanship to great effect. In particular, Gridanian hunter-trackers, Ul\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92dahn desert survival tactics and Lominsan marksmanship were the primary contributions to the craft of sharpshooting; during Operation Archon, the Sharpshooters made their way deep into enemy territory, assassinating targets before retreating to friendly territory. Sharpshooters tend to stay away from the front lines of combat, avoiding combat until the time is right to eliminate their target; if combat is unavoidable, Sharpshooters tend to make use of knives, daggers, crossbows and darts, all in an attempt to remain silent en route to their targets.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Unlike Machinists, who are generally front-line combatants relying on turrets and mammets to support their use of firearms, Sharpshooters make use of machinist tools designed to complement their less direct form of combat. Rather than mounting weapons on their autoturrets or using their mammets as decoys, Sharpshooters use them as signaling tool, early detection systems and, if need be, traps which can delay the enemy during an escape.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By Stormblood, the school of Sharpshooting has developed extensive doctrine and specialized equipment ranging from tripwire traps and ice-cryst-cooled camouflage cloaks to IED-mamets.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Aesthetic}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bethany Arkwright - and the other founding members of the Sharpshooters - were quick to adopt camouflage tactics, using a mix of hunting equipment, portable blinds and even glamour crystals to help better blend in with their environments; come Stormblood, they eagerly adopted the Eorzean Alliance\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Liberator-pattern equipment, modifying it extensively to hold all of the gear and tools used in their deadly trade.}}