{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan Kha}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Basic Information}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Date of Birth: 1554-6A}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Age:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ARR (4th Sun of 1st Astral Moon, Year 5 of 7U): 23}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nicknames: Baatar (shortened name used by friends), \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dragon-lass\u8221\'94 (used by Aldis, much to Baatar\u8217\'92s chagrin)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epithet: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Au Ra - Xaela}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Languages Spoken: Omniglot (Echo), }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Class: Marauder \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 > Warrior}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sub-Class: Commando (Stormblood)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skills}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relations}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parents: Chinjaal Kha(Mother, deceased 1558), Gonbaatar Kha (Father, deceased 1558). Both killed by Garleans during the Kha\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s initial flight to Eorzea. Idertuuya Kha (Stepmother, 53)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Siblings: }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://8EC082C9-BCDF-4976-B729-69166CFB75D8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Momolk Molkoh}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (Adoptive), }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://F656649F-64CC-4ECB-BB7C-9F68CBDFF131"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Xomni\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92to Molkoh}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (Adoptive)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Echo: }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Conceptual Reinforcement}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Echo acts as a low-yield reality-warping power which takes her own conception of the world and pushes objective reality towards that concept. It has been constantly active since the Calamity, and Baatar makes unconscious use of it on a daily basis; even something as innocuous as \u8220\'93wanting to drink more alcohol without being sick\u8221\'94 makes use of the power, letting her consume more alcohol than her body could ever feasibly ingest - because Baatar believes that she can drink more, she can.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This power is not limitless; it is fueled and tied directly to her anima and willpower. Furthermore, she can only distort reality so much and so far before objective reality re-asserts itself; in her first activation of CR, Baatar was able to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93convince\u8221\'94 reality that she could walk and carry the Molkohs despite having two broken legs, broken ribs and other serious injuries; the second she stopped focusing on getting the Molkohs medical help because she reached her destination her echo shut off (she was put to sleep before the effects could be felt.) CR allows Baatar to \u8220\'93break her limits\u8221\'94 and achieve the impossible, often without realizing it. It is also important to note that this effect works in reverse; Baatar, who never excelled at traditional \u8220\'93book learning\u8221\'94 in her youth, continues to have difficulty with such despite her being more than capable of technically learning these things as an adult. CR takes her conception that she is not good at studies and reinforces it, making it harder (and in some cases nigh impossible) for her to achieve anything in that field.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Class Info}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 WARRIOR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural affinity for anger - especially towards Garleans - and her strong, often solidly black-and-white sense of justice makes her a perfect candidate for being a Warrior. Her subconscious (and eventually conscious) desire for violence and conflict, combined with this seething rage which sits beneath the surface of her personality means that, since a young age, Baatar has been \u8220\'93in tune\u8221\'94 with her Inner Beast; unlike most Warriors, who contend with their Inner Beast before and after their training, Baatarsaikhan generally has no trouble keeping it in control. Unleashing her Inner Beast is not letting loose, or unleashing a monster kept in check - it\u8217\'92s simply her showing her \u8220\'93true colours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strong emotions and events can still push her over the edge and cause Baatar to begin to lose control of the Inner Beast, though it is difficult; even then, Baatar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not likely to attack her friends so much as lose control of her bloodlust towards her enemies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 COMMANDO}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By Stormblood, Baatarsaikhan has, unlike her allies, not taken a second sub-class; she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spent so much time mastering her skills as a WAR and dabbling in a variety of other fields of martial skill that she develops a unique fighting style which incorporates elements from just about every martial guild and style she\u8217\'92s come across. The Eorzean Alliance\u8217\'92s special forces - eventually christened \u8220\'93Commandos\u8221\'94 after an old Galadhish word, \u8220\'93kommant\u8221\'94 - are quick to adopt a similar style inspired by Baatar and many of the adventurers-turned-soldiers in the EA who have formed their own unique mish-mash of fighting styles. The \u8220\'93commando\u8221\'94 fighting style\u8217\'92s ethos calls for proficiency with just about any weapon; while Baatar still favours the axe, when SB begins she\u8217\'92s proficient at more or less every weapon in the EA\u8217\'92s arsenal, from marksmanship and unarmed combat to swordplay and archery. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i1\ul\ulc0 Biography:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Before Eorzea}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan Kha was born in 1554-6A on the Azim Steppe; she was raised until the age of 4 on the Steppe in a small offshoot of the Kha tribe, who unlike most Steppe-dwellers lived on the fringes of Xaela territory and actively sought out elements of non-Auri culture. Thus, Baatar learned to speak not only Xaela, but also Eorzean - and, if she had remained on the Steppe and followed her parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 wishes, would have learned Yamago as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Due to the threat of both Garlean incursion and other, more hostile tribes, part of the Kha tribe elected to flee the Steppe; thanks to their contacts with off-continent traders, this offshoot was able to make a deal with the crew of the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Little Kweh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and arraigned to be given passage to Eorzea. Leading up to the day of pickup (7-2U-6A), Garlean troop movement and hostile tribes forced the refugees to move closer to the city; Garlean regulars captured several of the clan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scouts and forced them to make a run for the ships in the early morning of the 8th. In the rush through the captured port, a good portion of the clan was killed; of the 79 people who intended to make the journey to Eorzea only 28 actually made it to the boats. Chinjaal and Gonbaatar both died holding back the Garlean troops.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar spent the next two months aboard the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Little Kweh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ; though she and the other refugees were kept belowdecks whenever the ship was in port she was still able to receive gifts from each port, as well as instruction in Eorzean Common, numbers and figures. She also was instructed in the basics of Steppe-living (survival tactics, cooking, and the basics of axe, sword, spear and bow.) She took to the axe quickly, and would strike up a friendship with many of the crew - including Pfarberk Iyrnfhissyn and Arnar Young. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Adapting to Eorzea}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}