{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 PROLOGUE ONE: FLIGHT}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 8TH SUN OF THE SECOND UMBRAL MOON}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 YEAR 1558 OF THE SIXTH ASTRAL ERA}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Isari, East Othard Coastline, The Ruby Sea}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Eeja, why do we have to wake up? It is still dark," the little girl said, tugging at her blanket.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Baatarsaikhan, there is no time. Please, get up!" Her mother didn't wait for the girl to get out of bed; rather, she simply picked the girl up, grabbed her emergency satchel, slung her over her shoulder and ran from the yurt. The entire village, the girl thought, was up and about and the sun was not yet up! They were loading their things into the carts, and every horse in the village was out of stable and loaded with bags.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Eeja, where is aawa? Why is everyone going for travel?" Her mother set her down outside their yurt and hushed her, kneeling down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Baatar, you must stay here." Her mother stepped forward to an archer-horseman who had just ridden into the camp proper. The archer had blood on him, and his quiver was empty. "Nergui, where are the others?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The archer slid from his horse, pulled a skin from his mount's bags and drank heavily for a moment. "Lost, Chinjaal. Many to the Garlean bastards and their cursed guns, others to the night. Gan took a few of the others, said he had a plan to hold them off a bit longer."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mother scowled and stepped forward again; her horns nearly touched the archer's face. "You let Gan take them on a fool's errand? Nergui, you know how stubborn-"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "-he's your mate, not mine," the archer said, shaking his head. "I tried to stop him, and he threatened to cut me in two if I did not move. He said he and the others would meet us at the docks."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Nhaama above, if he does not return I will-"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "-I know, I know, I know. You can do as you like if he does not show, but I beg you to wait until we are on the sea."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mother said nothing, simply backing away before turning back to the girl. "Baatar, we must leave."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Garleans?" she asked, doing her best to keep the fear out of her voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, little warrior. Aawa is going to meet us before we leave, okay? You must stay very close to me, and hold on tight. Like we practiced." Her mother touched heads with the girl. "If anything happens to me, you must find the clansfolk and follow them."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, eeja."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good, little one. Let us go now." Chinjaal led her daughter to the outcropping where the horses were waiting, grabbed her pack from their family's post and slung it over her shoulders. She helped Baatarsaikhan onto the horse; Baatar liked the horse very much. She had painted yellow on him like the horsebirds she had seen in a book of the lands beyond the steppe, and so her mother had named the creature Shar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hello, Shar," the girl said, patting his mane. "Are you afraid?" The horse simply shuddered. "I am afraid too, but eeja says it is not good to be scared all the time."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few minutes later, her mother mounted the horse. "Hold on tightly, Baatar," she said, joining the rest of the clansfollk at the edge of the village. Most of the others were mounted on horse, but some, like uwuh Otgon and the youngest of the children were in carts. The entire village left as one, leaving behind the small village that was the only home Baatarsaikhan had known. It faded, first into a small speck, then to nothing, as the clan rode into the night.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She fell asleep, lulled by the rhythm of horse-hooves on steppe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she awoke, they were at the waters and the sun was beginning to rise. They were at the town of Yanshara, where sometimes traders would come from from Kugane, and on the rarest of occasions, from Eorzea. Baatar had never seen a ship from Eorzea, but her eeja had bought the book with animals of Eorzea drawn within many sleeps ago, when she was still a baby. That was the book with the horsebird, the green-spike, the slime and even the dragons! Baatar checked her satchel and sighed in relief, because her book was amongst the few luxuries she was allowed to put inside the bag. She looked up and saw that the villagers were on the outskirts of the town; nobody had come to greet them, but she could see many masts from the biggest ships - they had metal on them! - she had ever seen. She rubbed her eyes, and tapped her mother on the back. "Eeja, is that big boat where we are going?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, little warrior," her mother said with a big smile. "That boat is from far away!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But what about the steppe?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It is dangerous, too dangerous to stay now," Chinjaal said, turning to face her daughter. "Some of the other clans are too stubborn to leave, but remember what I taught you?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Uhm...you always have to be - no, uhm, do what's right. Even if it's not the happiest thing."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Exactly. Such a smart girl," her mother said, rubbing her hair. Chinjaal paused as one of the warriors, this one carrying a sword and shield, rode up to her. "Askaa? What's wrong?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Town's empty," said the man. "And one of the archers saw the decks of the boats; they're near empty, too. Someone gestured at us from the deck of one before being pulled back down - this reeks of a trap."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Mmm. Take Baatarsaikhan to Idree and round up some of the scouts. We'll take a look around, see if we can't divine what's going on. Any sign of Gan?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm afraid not, Chinjaal." The man shook his head, and stared off into the distant steppe. "I do-" He stopped suddenly, glancing at Baatarsaikhan. "-don't know where he is. He should be here already."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mother made a face that she hadn't seen before. It looked angry and sad at the same time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We will make do. Have the men meet me at the front when we are ready." The swordsman rode to the side, and plucked Baatarsaikhan from Shar's saddle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hello, little warrior," Askaa said. "Come now, I'm to take you to Aunty Idree."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Aunty Idree is mean. She never lets me play," Baatar said, pouting. "But please don't tell her I said that."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Askaa laughed -- grimly, Chinjaal noted, though her young daughter seemed unaware -- and patted her on the head. "I promise not to tell, but you must listen to me like you listen to your mother, okay?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good. Chinjaal, I'll be back in a moment." Askaa rode over to another woman, this one with long hair, who sat alone on her own horse, and plopped Baatar onto her saddle. "Idertuuya, Chinjaal needs scouts for the town - wanted you to watch our little warrior here."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course. Hunt well, Askaa. Baatarsaikhan, do you need to relieve yourself? Are you hungry?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am thirsty, Aunty Idree."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, I have just the thing," the woman said, passing her a skin. "I saved a little bit of tsai from before, if you would like."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan drank the tea and ate a piece of jerky, then read from her pictures-book. She was about to ask to get off the saddle and go for a walk to the other villagers when a tall, hulking man that Baatar did not recognize rode up to them. "Chinjaal found Gan and the others - and a bunch of the sailors - locked up in a jailhouse. Garleans are everywhere, and there are even some on the boats."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Damnation," Idree said. "She's made a plan?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Indeed. The scouts will work to free as many folk as they can. Second they can't stay hidden, they'll sound the horn and we're to move everyone as fast as we can onto the docks. We help clear out the boats of the Garleans, get everyone on board and make our escape."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And if things go wrong?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We improvise. Come on, we need to get ready to move." The man rode off without another word, and Aunty Idree turned to Baatar. "Did you understand that, little one?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Um, eeja found aawa? But there are bad Garleans in the town, and we have to wait until, uhm, the horn is blown. Then we are okay to go on the boats?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, little warrior. Stay close."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar waited, and waited, and waited, when suddenly the horn was blown. The entire village's group took off into village; Baatar heard the sounds of fighting but was too busy holding on tight to Aunty Idree to notice what was going on. She could not remember what was happening when they reached the docks, because it was too loud, and there was fighting and blood everywhere; all she remembered was Aunty Idree turning to throw her off the horse, and someone carrying her away. There was more shouting, and the terrifying sounds of the Garlean guns - bang, bang, bang - and she fell to the ground, blood in her eyes. She could not cry, and so she wiped the blood from her eyes to see Nergui dead before her; she was standing on a ramp to one of the boats, not sure how she had gotten there or what to do. But her mother had said that she had to get to the boat, so she climbed the ramp as fast as she could. She was about to board the ship when something grabbed her tail and flung her to the deck; moments later, a cluster of metal balls shrieked into the wood next to her. A bald hyur, one of those hornless folk, raised a shield and knelt behind it next to Baatar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fucking hells that was a close one. Oi, kid, you're not hurt, eh?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar didn't quite understand all the words he was saying through his strange accent, but she shook her head.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good, good. Listen, lass, stay low - crawl, like - and get yourself over to the big fella, the one with the axe over there, right? Can ya do that for me?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded, noticing a giant man with red skin beckoning at her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You stay low, you'll be fine. He'll bring you into the ship and you'll be nice and safe. Go!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She crawled, doing her best to ignore the screaming and shouting and the blood on the deck that was staining her tunic. She crawled and crawled and crawled, forever it seemed like, until finally she reached the giant. He picked her up and carried her down into the belly of the ship, and pointed at a bunch of crates in the corner. "Get yourself tucked in behind those there boxes, and you'll be safe. Anyone tries to get you out of there that you're not sure about, you ask'em what they put in the grog last moon. If they don't say oranges, you don't move. Good?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar nodded and crawled behind the crates, and curled into as small a ball as she could make herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed like another day when the shouting and fighting stopped. She heard people calling to her, but simply curled up tighter and thought of home. "Lass," a voice said, "it's safe to come out! Come on, where'd Pfarberk put ya? Bloody idiot, probably told her a code or summat. Oi! Lass! Did the big red fella tell you t'ask a question?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She snapped out of her shock and frantically put as much calm into her voice as she could. "What, what did they put in the g-grog last moon?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Put in the g- ha! Pfarberk, you salty old shite. Oranges, lass! Nisfa thought he'd make that stuff taste better, ruined the whole batch, he did."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar stood on her toes and looked over the crates to find a hyur standing in front of the hatch, sword at his hip and a shield slung over his back; a few of the villagefolk were with him, looking at her with relief and sadness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Is it safe now?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Safe as it gets on a boat like this'n, milady. Come on, we've got to see about getting you cleaned up and see if we can't find yer parents."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar followed the hyur - who had dark skin and golden hair pulled into a strange-looking ponytail - up out of the depths of the creaking boat and up onto the deck. Despite her best efforts to remain calm, she couldn't help but stop and marvel - for, in every direction, there was nothing but water! Blue as the sky, crystal-clear and as far as the eye could see.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Mmm, beauty, 'aint she? That'll be the sea, lass." The hyur turned, smiled at Baatar and pat her on the head. "There's nothing like the open sea. But we'll be on this here ship for plenty a day - so come on, let's go take a look-see at the adults, alright?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar tore her eyes away from the sea as best she could - a difficult prospect, given that they were on a boat - and followed the man up a small flight of stairs to a higher deck. There, many of the auri she'd ridden with, mostly adults but with a few children mixed in - and some she hadn't seen before or in a long time- were clustered together, seated, nursing wounds, staring off into space. Other sailors were handing out food, bandages and mugs of drink; Baatar marveled at how different they all looked. She recognized the sailors from her old pictures-book: tiny lalafell as short as she was, giant roegadyn who towered over even the biggest of the adults she knew, miqo'te with strange, pointy ears and tails that were furry instead of scaled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Pfarberk!" The man escorting her shouted, waved and sauntered over to the big, red-skinned roegadyn who was kneeling by several of the injured adults - aunty Idree among them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oi, Arnar, glad to see you found our little lady," the giant said, smiling. "Well, lass - Baa-tar-sai-khan," he said, sounding out the name, "come here and let's see if we can't find kith or kin amongst our fellows here."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, little warrior," Idree said, clutching at a heavily bandaged arm. "Oh, come here."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar walked over and plopped herself down, cross-legged, in front of her aunt and frowned. "How come the others are not looking at me?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Shite," Pfarberk hissed, leaning in to whisper into Idree's ears. "You mean-"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "-she would find out soon enough, master sailor," Idree replied with a sad, distant look on her face. "Young ones are smart - she would figure out soon enough, and I would not be the one to lie to her."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Why are you whispering?" Baatar asked, confused. "Where's eeja? Where's aawa?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They did not make it to the boat, little warrior," Idree said, expression furious and eyes welling up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But where are they?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They...they died, holding the soldiers back. Killed by the Garleans, so we - you - could all escape on the boats, Baatar."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She blinked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm sorry, little warrior."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "NO!" Baatar stood up, shouted, stamped her feet and rushed at the red giant, swinging her tiny balled-up fists at him. "NO! NO NO NO! You turn the boat back! I want eeja and aawa back! Make them come back r-!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "-shh, lass, shh, it'll be alright, shh, it's okay, it's okay," Pfarberk said, overpowering the tiny girl with a hug. "Shh, shh, it's alright lass, it's all right."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Baatarsaikhan, you can cry but you will not attack the sailor!" Idree commanded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar stopped struggling, but she did not stop crying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She did not stop crying for many days, it felt like.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She recalled being in the dark, groaning hold of the ship, swaddled in blankets and being passed around, sung to by both the sailors and her own clanmates. Rocked back and forth by the waves. She only awoke from her daze to relieve herself, to eat whatever food was put in front of her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She did not know when she stopped crying, but, many suns and moons later, she stopped at last. When her emee had died - she never knew her \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6v\u246\'F6\u246\'F6 - she had cried for a while and had been sad for many many days after, but this was different. Now, it was like she had cried all the sad out of her and Baatar was only angry, furious, full of simmering rage at the Garleans who had stolen her family and her land and her world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One night, finally calmed enough to speak, Baatar joined some of the sailors and her clansfolk around a small fire set up on the highest deck of the ship. The adults looked mournful as she arrived at first, but when they saw the fire in her eyes many smiled thinly, nodding with obvious approval.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Baatarasaikhan," aunty Idree said, hoisting Baatar onto her lap. "How are you this moon?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am sad," Baatar said slowly. "But...but eeja and aawa are gone now, to the Moon Mother. They have to stay there, and I have to stay here. So I will try not to be too sad."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It is okay to miss your family, little warrior, but not so much that you do not live," Yesui - the best cook in the village - said with a warm, knowing smile. "You should never not be sad about your eeja and aawa - but they would not wish you to be forever crying."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan Kha}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes," Baatar replied. "Did they...did they kill many Garleans?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The auri around the fire nodded, mumbled words of prayer and assent - and even some of the sailors seemed to be nodding, too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The ones that stayed behind, lass," one of the tiny-men - a lalafell with a tuft of black hair and a curly mustache - said with awe, "they fought like nothing else. If those damned Garleans hadn't shown up with their blasted walkers they'd be with us."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Nothing like it," said one of the miqo'te, swishing her tail. "Like the best of the gladiators on the bloodsands, I'd wager."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They died fighting," Pfarberk - who was sitting next to Idree - said slowly. "Dying's not something ya want, lass, but if you have to go....they went with honour."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar thought, thought, and thought. She thought while they ate strange stew and drank strange juices, and soon they had to go back under the decks into the ship to sleep - but on the way down, Baatar spotted Pfarberk standing by the railings of the ship, staring out at the endless waters, sharpening his axe with a whetstone. He paused as he heard Baatar's soft, light footsteps, and turned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Lass, shouldn't you be getting some shut-eye?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, I am going."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Then get! I'll not be getting in trouble because you wanted to stay up," the red giant said with a knowing smile.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, but I want to ask you a question."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Just one, lass."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar pointed to the axe which towered over her. "I want to fight the Garleans and I want to fight with that."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 11TH SUN OF THE THIRD ASTRAL MOON}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 YEAR 1558 OF THE SIXTH ASTRAL ERA}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Open Waters, The Sea of Thavnair}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next weeks, the mighty metal ship sailed to and fro, making stops at ports big and small all along the sea; Baatarsaikhan and the other auri weren't allowed off the ship at all but the smallest of the ports - the adults said that the Garleans might be out there to get them. Even so, she was ever so excited to see all sorts of strange lands. The sailors who stayed on the boats during their time in port even made sure that Baatar and the other children - Enkhjargal, Oyuunchimeg, Gerel and Ganzorig - even got toys and trinkets from each port. Still, that was not enough to occupy the entire day, and so the remaining adults continued to teach the children life skills, most important of all the traditional weapons of the steppe - bow, axe and spear. The sailors even helped the adults teach letters and numbers - for while many of the adults knew of Eorzean script, the sailors were much better suited to teaching such things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without her parents, it fell to the clan to raise Baatar; aunty Idree, who had always been her second-mother, took on her new role with passion. Every night, she would tuck Baatar beneath heavyset blankets and tell her the legends of the steppe, tales of great heroes and, with a book gifted to her by Pfarberk, even read to her the stories of Eorzea. Soon Baatar became enthralled by the tales of sailors just like the ones who had rescued her and kin. She knew, on some level, that one could conceivably live on a boat for most of their years- the Orben wove great reed-boats to ride the Blue Jewel which spanned the length of the Steppe, but that was a far cry from these stories of swashbuckling sailors who rode the seas, slept on boat and spurned the safety of solid ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A month into their journey, Baatar found herself free of lessons; Gerel and Oyuun were both napping, Enkh and Ganzorig were reading about fish or something boring like that, and Baatar hand a mind to find answers to some questions. She waited on the top deck for the time when the sailors had finished their tasks for the mid-day and would stop to take lunch. She approached Pfarberk and happily plopped down next to him, pulling the metal water-canteen she carried out of her satchel along with a piece of salted trout. "Pfarberk," she asked after taking a few bites of her fish, "aunty Idree read to me and said that you and your sailor-kith spend many years on these boats." She nodded vigorously. "Yes, she read that you stay on these waters for many, many months, even a whole year without spending more than a moon or two at shore!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Aye, lass, it's true," the giant replied as many of the other sailors nodded. "I'm one of the older ones - been more or less living on a boat since I was a small boy. You grew up on the steppe, an' I grew up on the high seas. Arnar," he said, pointing at the dark-skinned hyur who'd brought her topside so many weeks ago, "he was even born on a ship much like this'n!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What? No," Baatar said, frowning. "I do not believe it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arnar and the gathered sailors laughed, smiled at Baatar's tiny expression of disbelief. "Now, why'd Pfarberk have cause to lie to ya, lass?" Arnar replied, shrugging. "'tis true! Me pa were a...sailor, let's say, and so was me marm. Born on the open seas, I was."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar thought about this for many minutes before concluding that, yes, Pfarberk was probably not lying to her. "Okay," she replied, "but how did your mother nurse you? On the sea there is no milk but the one from your mother's breast. How did you grow so big without sheep or goat-milk? And," she continued, a thoughtful expression on her face as she pointed at her half-finished meal, "you cannot eat only fish from the sea to become strong."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, lass, we've had plenty of meat, some of it fresh, and plenty-a-cooking done by both our own and your kin," Poyi, the mustachioed-lalafell, said with a look that resembled that of a teacher. "We may eat plenty of fish and salt-meat but that's not everything. Not for Kukujisu's lack of trying, the stingy ba - fellow."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I suppose," Baatar said with a frown. "But aren't you sad? There is so little space, even on this big ship. No fields to run in, no mountains to climb."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, there's work to be done, and when the work's done there's resting and grog," one of the elezen sailors, Anaux, pointed out. "And there may be no fields or mountains aboard the Big Kweh, but I've seen you and the other children run laps up and down the decks. Once you're older, too, you can always climb the masts and the rigging, eh? Plus, on your steppe there's no endless water, no ports to visit, no far-away lands to sail to, no endless sea to look down upon."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hmmmm." Baatar thought some more, and rubbed at her horns, stroking them from the sides of her head to the tips which stopped just past her mouth. "Maybe you are right. When will I be allowed to climb the masts and swing along the rigging? I and the other children, we watch and it looks very fun."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fun, aye, but more than a little dangerous," Poyi noted. "It takes training, work, and a little courage to run the ropes like we do, Baatarsaikhan. When you're bigger, stronger, older - and if you still have a taste for watercraft and a life on the seas - I'm sure one of us, or any of the sailors back home in 'ol Limsa'd be happy ta show ya."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Little?" Baatar sputtered, pointing a finger at the lalafell. "I am as big as you!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Right, but not nearly as strong," Poyi replied with a smirk. "And don't you try to deny it, little lady - I'n the others watch you kids train with weapons with us an yer elders. Strong, my arse."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's a curse," Baatar replied. "Aunty will be mad if she hears you talking like that."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Shite. I mean - look, if you were so tough could you do this?" Poyi leapt forward and hoisted the little girl above his head, and began running a lazy lap around the gathered sailors. Baatar yelled in delight as the lalafell carried her around the topdeck, 'til a minute or so later the ride ended and she was set back down upon solid deck. "So! When you can do that, then we'll talk about you climbing the masts, how about."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I will be bigger and stronger than you before you know it, Poyi!" Baatar said with her hands on her hips. "And I will carry you and the others 'round the Big Kweh, I promise!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You'll not be carrying me anytime soon," Pfarberk said, joining the other sailors in laughter, "unless you want a good case of being crushed, lass."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well we shall have to see about it in many moons," Baatar replied simply, smiling. "I say I shall be as strong as any roegadyn!"}}