{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 10TH SUN OF THE THIRD UMBRAL MOON}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 YEAR 1558 OF THE SIXTH ASTRAL ERA}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Limsa Lominsa, The Rhotano Sea}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look, Baatarsaikhan," Idertuuya said with a warm smile as she carried the little girl aloft on her shoulders. "We're finally at our new home!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wow," Baatar replied, eyes wide. "It's so...big!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Big Kweh was nearing the grand city-state of Limsa Lominsa, and Baatarsaikhan could come up with nothing else to describe the sight she was taking in. The Dawn Throne, home of the Oronir and mightiest of the Steppe's structures, seemed tiny in comparison to the sprawling white towers which stood before her; their metal-tipped spires seemed to touch the very skies. Even the sailors seemed to be in higher spirits than usual; their two-month journey had seen them avoid Garlean patrols, navigate rough waters and, perhaps most terrifying of all, sail the last quarter of the journey entirely sober after several of the grog barrels splintered during a rough bout of storms. Still, things had gone as well as Idertuuya or any of the other auri refugees could have imagined, all things considered: two had died on the journey - Medekhg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCi, who had been nearing eighty-six years and had not expected to survive the journey, and Nayantai, who had fallen from the boat during a storm and drowned before the sailors could retrieve her. Otherwise, the refugees were in good health, with only two of their number currently being ill; most auspicious of all, they had even given witness to one of the widows, Agujam, give birth to a healthy baby boy, who she had named Dalaichin - seafarer, in the Eorzean common tongue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So, Limsa, is she to yer liking?" Arnar asked, dropping down from one of the ship's sail-riggings to join the refugees at the railings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It is so beautiful," Agujam said, smiling as she swaddled Dalaichin. "Never in my years would I have dreamed of a city so spacious and tall upon the waters."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So it is. Baatarsaikhan, you will have to stay here for a moment, okay? I needs speak with Captain Yorsa for a moment," Idertuuya said, setting Baatar down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'll take you to Nifsa," Arnar said with a nod. "You be good, Baatar!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Worry not," Agujam said with a smile. "I'll keep an eye on her - and you are a good girl anyways, right, Baatar?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am," Baatar replied proudly, before pulling out her pictures-book from her satchel. She flipped through the pages until she reached the drawing of Limsa Lominsa, and held it up so she could see both the drawing and the city at the same time. Her mouth remained askew in silent awe as she realized that the pictures, if anything, were less grand than the real thing; one of the sailors had explained that the pictures-book was, in fact, actually quite old and that amongst other things the city of Limsa had grown quite a bit since the time the book had been made. Soon the Big Kweh was pulling alongside other boats and Baatar watched as the other vessels' occupants stared in a mix of wonder and confusion at the sight of the Xaela refugees standing atop the Big Kweh's deck; Baatar waved at whoever she could see, and to her delight more than a few people waved back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the sailors and refugees watched in anticipation as the ship pulled into port - and oh, Baatar thought, what a port it was! Nothing like the ones they'd visited on the long voyage to Eorzea; Limsa Lominsa's port was massive, dozens of piers and docks stretching out, each one holding ships ranging from tiny fishing rowboats to massive metal-plated behemoths double the size of the Big Kweh. There was even a small crowd of onlookers watching the ship pull in, the varied citizens of Limsa (all dressed in strange, foreign garb) talking amongst themselves at the incredible sight of the refugees. Standing at the front of the pier, seperated from the crowds by a cordon of red-jacketed soldiers carrying sword, pike, and gun, was a tall, white-skinned and white-haired roegadyn woman clad in a black coat - who, save for her evident height, looked so very different from the red-skinned and brown-haired Pfarberk - who had such an aura of power and prestige that even Baatar could recognize her importance. Once the ship came to a halt, the ramparts were lowered, and the white-haired woman strode aboard the ship with bodyguards following behind her. The sailors all walked over to meet her - and all of them saluted, Bataar noted with a mixture of confusion and awe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Admiral," Captain Nifsa Yorsa said, saluting the woman who towered over his tiny lalafellian frame. "These'll be the refugees we pearled ahead about."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "At ease, gentlemen," the woman replied with a small smile. "Xaela refugees of the Azim Steppe, it is my honour to welcome you to Eorzea. I am Admiral Merlwyb Bloefhiswyn."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lady's accent was strange, Baatar thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She also carried two pistols on her belt which, despite their ornate decoration, also looked very well-worn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thanks upon you, Admiral," Idertuuya said, stepping forward and kneeling as she bowed her head. "I know that for refugees to simply show up on your home without warning must no doubt be difficult."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's quite alright, Miss...?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Idertuuya Kha, Admiral."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Idertuuya, you have no need of apology. I cannot speak for every Eorzean but I assure you that in my city, any victim of the Garleans will find, at the very least, an open door and a bed to sleep on."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Dusk Mother's blessings upon you. Your kindness is boundless."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's enough flattery from you." The Admiral surveyed the ship, and noticed the children who were standing at the rear of the refugees. "I see you have children with you - while I cannot promise you a life of luxury, they will not starve, or, Twelve's blessings, be shot by Garlean troops. Come, let's get you lot off this ship - Eynzahr," she said, glancing at another roegadyn man, this one green-skinned, "please escort these folks to Maelstrom Command and see that they're taken care of for the immediate future. We shall discuss your futures after you've had a proper meal and perhaps even a bath."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "At one, Admiral," Eynzahr replied with a snappy salute. "If you'll follow me, please."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar followed the other refugees off the ship, watching the gathered crowds behind the cordon of red-jacketed soldiers, mouth askew and her eyes bright. She took five steps on solid earth, promptly tripped and fell face-first into the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Baatar!" Oyuunchimeg shouted, covering her chest with an arm. "Are you alright?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan Kha got to her feet, looked around proudly and grinned at Idertuuya. "Yes, I am alright! More than alright."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ************************************************}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four hours later, Baatar could not believe that she'd ever survived spending two months aboard the cramped, perpetually-swaying confines of a seaborne ship. She and the other children had been brought into a "simple" set of military barracks at the top of the city - whose massive beds, hammocks, cots and spacious interior would have been a sign of astounding luxury upon the steppe. The children were brought to the bathing-room tucked off in a side room, and while Baatar and the other refugees recognized the water-pumps and tubs, the strange, snake-like contraptions that ran up the walls and terminated in odd, flattened-discs with numerous tiny holes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "These," Idertuuya said as she and a few of the other adults helped strip the children out of the robes that had been given to them by the sailors, "are show-ers. Here, in Eorzea, they even have hot water that falls from here," she said, pointing at the disc, "without burning fuel to make heat, or pumping to make the water fall."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The children ooh-ed and aah-ed as Idertuuya stripped out of her clothing, walked over to one of the "showers' and pulled one of its levers slightly; with stunned silence the children watched a cascade of water pour forth from the shower. Idertuuya pulled another lever - this one only halfway - and then tested the waters with an extended figure before sighing and smiling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Come, children, it's warm," Yesui said, beckoning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatar and the others toddled along into the stream of warm, steaming water, cheering and whooping in delight as they began trying to throw water at one another; the adults indulged the children for a few minutes before yanking them back in - some by the tail - and giving them a good scrubbing with cloth and sponge; Baatar revelled in how clean her hair and skin felt, how polished her scales were, layers of grime and dirt coming off her scales in tiny pieces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After their luxurious shower, the kids were given fresh clothes, left by a Maelstrom attendant while they were cleaning up. After the adults had all cleaned themselves, Idertuuya left the room for a few minutes, returning shortly with the Admiral's assistant - the towering green-skinned giant named Eynzahr - and several other Maelstrom soldiers, each carrying a small platter of food.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Children! It's time to eat!" Idertuuya said as she helped the soldiers place the food on one of the tables; the eldest of the adults sat at the table, pulling up chairs, while the other adults pulled rugs and mats from their well-worn rucksacks, laid them out in a small circle on the ground and sat with the kids.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There's no need for that - enough chairs for everyone," Eynzahr said with a frown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It is our way," Agujam said, rocking her young, blanket-swaddled child back and forth as she sat at the table. "The table is for the eldest and the mothers.," she explained, pointing at herself. "There is no dishonour to sit upon to the steppe; she provides us our food and we take it upon her soil with grace. Well, the floor, here, but the idea is the same."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "If that's your custom," Eynzahr replied, scratching at his hair. "Anyways we've not got anything fancy-"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "-no talk of fanciness here, Master Slafyrsyn," Idertuuya said as she leaned back in her chair at the table. "To us steppes-folk, simple as we are, your housing and your bathing-room are the height of luxury."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ha! You'll make good Lominsans, then," one of the other soldiers, a female red-haired miqo'te, said with a flick of her tail and a sharp-toothed grin. "Believe me, we've no shortage of recruits who bellyache about the rations and the housing."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In any case, I'll remain to discuss your case. Everyone else, dismissed," Eynzahr said with a nod to the other soldiers. They all saluted and left the barracks; Eynzahr sat at the table with the other elders. "But enough talking - I'm sure you're hungry and the evening approaches," he continued, pointing at the wall-mounted chronometer. "Dig in. Chicken and mushroom stew, bread for sopping. Fresh greens with garlic and oil. And, of course, fruits - perfect for eating after many days at sea."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We are humbled by your kindness." Idertuuya bowed her head with the other refugees, and when she spoke it was in the Xaela tongue. [Blessed is the Dusk Mother, who in Her glory, power and grace, has seen us safely to these far-flung shores. Tonight we eat and rest for ourselves and those we have lost along the way. Let this meal be the first of many on these soils. Thanks be to the animals who were slain for the meats. Thanks be to the steppe and this Eorzean lands which granted us these foods. Thanks be, Dusk Mother.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Thanks be,] the refugees replied.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I see there are bowls here. If it is alright, however, we shall eat using our own utensils. It is a...thing of pride," Idertuuya explained.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Go ahead. I'll not instruct you how to eat, of all things," Eynzahr said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The elders filled their bowls with stew, bread and vegetables first, before passing along bowls of food and cups of water to the children, then the other adults. Baatar pulled her pack over from the side of the room with the other children and took out her utensil-kit; she popped the small wooden container open, pulled a well-worn metal spoon out and dug into the food with gusto. The vegetables were like any other she'd had, but the stew was odd - not unpleasant, but spiced and flavoured such that she could hardly believe she was eating a dish made of such familiar things like chicken and mushrooms. Strangest of all was the bread; its crunchy crust and white, fluffy interior was nothing like the flatbreads she had eaten before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon the children had finished their meal, prayed once more and were ushered off to bed; Idertuuya and most of the other adults were packing up and leaving to discuss the clan's matters with Eynzahr in the room outside the barracks, and so Baatar and the other children were tended to by Agujam and three others. As Agujam rocked Dalaichin back and forth next to the beds the children lay in, singing a old battlesong, Baatar could barely keep her eyes open to listen to the whole thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Mightiest warriors of the steppe, they bowed before Bardam,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for he was strong of arm and mind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and none could touch his body...]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That night, for the first time in a long time, Baatarsaikhan did not dream of slaying Garleans, but instead of standing upon a great, mighty sea-faring boat, dressed like a swashbuckling Limsan sailor of legend and carrying an axe just like Pfarberk's; the wind whipped at her skirts and, with a loyal crew standing beside her, she would face the endless sea, a warrior the equal to Bardam himself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ************************************************}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 11TH SUN OF THE THIRD UMBRAL MOON}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 YEAR 1558 OF THE SIXTH ASTRAL ERA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maelstrom Command, Limsa Lominsa}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You must be glad, Miss Idertuuya. To see the kids safe and sound."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You are correct, Master Slafyrsyn. We do this for them." Idertuuya smiled, nodded. "By no means did all the Kha come to flee the lands, just us coward enough to know that the Garleans would drive us inland. We were seventy-nine, when we began our journey. Twenty-eight made it to the boat, and now we are twenty-six. For the ones who have returned to the earth, and for the children who are not yet tall, we will continue."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Mmm. You'll do them proud."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I hope."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In any case, then, while I know that not all of the adults are here," Eynzahr said, looking around at the other Xaela adults sitting around the conference table, "I trust there are enough of you here to get the message across. Now, before I start in earnest, let me make this clear - if you've any questions, you ask. Interrupt me, even. I'd rather you do so now and clear up any confusion, alright?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We'll not hold our tongues for fear of upsetting you," Temulun said with a wide smile. "We are rough folk."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And while the Limsan people may not be living on the steppe, I think you'll find they're more kin to you than the the people of the other big cities," Eynzahr said with a laugh, before his expression sobered. "So, the Maelstrom can't house and feed you forever."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We had imagined as much," Idertuuya said, nodding. "We shall work for coin and food."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's good. Thankfully we're in a good period right now - there's plenty of work to be had in the shipyards, throughout the farms and on the docks, if that pleases you. Hardy, honest folk like yourselves will fit right in, I'd say. If you'd rather work in the city proper, that might be a bit tougher. Many of the jobs in town that aren't related to labouring will ask for people good with numbers and figures - but I'm sure at least some of you have the talent for it, even if you don't know it. And, frankly, coming from a foreign land like your own, I guarantee you'll make gil a-plenty selling wares from your homeland."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "People will want the goods of the steppe?" Idertuuya asked, head cocked. "Like what?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Everything, honestly. Clothes woven in your style. Arts, if you have them. Instruments, music and the skill to play such things. Storytelling for the taverns. Food from, to Eorzeans, an exotic land. Even your alcohol - I'm sure you have it-"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "-we do," Yesui said with a grin. "We do partake in much of it."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Twelve's blessings, you people are going to make good Lominsans. We like hearty food and heartier spirits - and no matter the type you'll find sailors willing to buy your food and drink your alcohol, trust me. We're a city of folks who love their food - if any of you visit the Culinarian's guild, I assure you the folks there will happily pay you in coin or food to pick your brains for knowledge. And, we do no shortage of trade both seabound and upon the land - the city of Ul'dah, out in the deserts, is one which thirsts for exotic things."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And for the warriors among us?" Idertuuya asked. "I can cook and weave and tell song - any adult of the clan can do those things - but mine soul is that of the plains-warrior who delights in battle."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, then you've got two options," Eynzahr replied with a thoughtful expression. "There are adventurers - I'm sure you having something akin to them - folks who go out, take odd jobs moving goods, slaying beasts, protecting travelers."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ah. We have such things in our land - common, amongst us nomads," Temulun noted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Right. It's not an easy life, but there's always people looking for such things in a city like Limsa Lominsa. If you'd prefer a less solitary life, and think you'd work well in an organized military, the Maelstrom - that's us redcoats - serve Limsa as its standing army. We'll gladly take recruits if you can pass the entrance tests; I also know that the Admiral and a few others are looking to see if we can't learn anything from your ways of warmaking from the steppe."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ah, yes. We have no knowledge of your guns, but proud we all are of our warrior ways. We wield axe and spear with equal measure, and though we have no horses to ride, I am sure our mounted archery will work just as well on your horse-birds," Idertuuya replied.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Horse-bir- ah, chocobos. Right. Anyways, I know that's a lot to take in - and there's no rush, you have a month before we're to push you out of our barracks. We'll also have lessons run by our soldiers to teach you the basics of getting by in Eorzea; things like law and custom, and a rundown of the powers in our land."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We are grateful to you, your Maelstrom warriors and to the Admiral most of all," Idertuuya replied with a long nod. "You have done well by us and we shall forever be thankful. I promise you that we Kha who have come to your shores will repay this debt eternal to the city of Limsa Lominsa, Master Slafyrsyn."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There's no need to be getting so formal. The Maelstrom's here to protect not just the city, but you - and, victims of the Garleans that you are, even of our underbelly only the foulest of our criminals will even think of raising a hand against you."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Here, too, you hate the imperials?" Idertuuya asked, eyes bright and full of fire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course. Blasted Garleans think they can just stomp on over to our land, ravage the earths and pillage to their heart's content. Of course we hate them."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good. That is a good lesson to know. I think we Kha shall get a long very well with your people, in food and drink and custom. And most important of all, war," Idertuuya said with a wide, heartless smile. "I cannot speak for the others, but if our ways of axe and spear and bow will help kill more Garleans, I shall be blessed to assist your Maelstom in its endeavors."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---------------x---------------}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 END OF PROLOGUE ONE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan Kha has joined the party.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baatarsaikhan Kha}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Race: Au Ra, Xaela}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Age: 4}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Class: N/A}}