{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Italic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Dhonic - the Eorzean common language, named for Mor Dhona. I imagine it's Greek-inspired, a remnant of Allag. 'Eikons' is greek so based on the single word I ran away with it. (though I had the headcanon b/c i realized this since the base scenario is partly inspired by the Greek city-states being menaced by the Garleans and the Twelve is roughly based off the Olympians) (it got long)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Hyur -  Midlander is called Cetranish (call back to FF7). Based off West Saxon English, when it was still Germanic-based. Highlander is called Galadhish (call forward to FFXV even though I am not a fan of its as a whole, I really like saying 'Galadh'.) It's... Old Germanic, i think.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Elezen - Elphamois, based off French, name from 'Queen of Elphame' of Scottish folklore. They have three dialects - Elphamois Silva, Vespra and Cielo - Wildwood, Duskwight and Ishgardian. Silva and Cielo are like American & British English diffs and French but Vespra is basically Italian.(edited)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Roegadyn - Roegazoen - Rain Speech (or 'Loetmohtwoerd ... I was having fun with it. Loud Mind Words, lol). The Hellsguard have a 'purer' form of the language in their Lohenzoen dialect, the Sea Wolves speak Merlzoen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Unfortunately, Lalafellin and Miqo'te are beyond me. Miqo'te seem to make... sounds unpronouncable by anyone else. They call it Huntspeak. Maybe they adopted Lalafellin and modified it. (shout out to FF11) and Lalafellin is lyrical aiding in poems and memory retention(edited)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 OH! Almost forgot - Garleans! - Garlataen, based off old Latin. I have a headcanon about how all these languages/people came to influence each other but that's another post... hehehe }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 (MiragePrismatic\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Notes)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Aldernardian Languages}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Dhonic}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : By far the most commonly-spoken language in the Eorzean Realm, Dhonic has its roots in the eponymous language of the ancient Allagan Empire; the language, which was used all across Hydaelyn during the days of the Allagans, remained alive after the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s downfall and was passed down through both oral tradition and via texts & documents by the Allagans. The Allagan language would fall in and out of favour without ever truly dying out; in ages past, Allagan texts were found in Mor Dhona (which prior to the Calamity served as a well-populated trading hub.) From these, Allagan would come to be adopted as a language to facilitate easy trading, diplomacy and other relations between the various races of Eorzea; it was named Dhonic for its place of adoption. In time the practice of calling the language \u8220\'93Dhonic\u8221\'94 fell out of use by the common citizens of the realm; most simple folk across Eorzea simply refer to the language as \u8220\'93Eorzean,\u8221\'94 though any scholar of repute  knows that Dhonic is the tongue\u8217\'92s true name.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Dhonic spoken today has evolved greatly over the last five thousand years since its origins as Allagan; countless linguistic traits and words from other languages have been absorbed into the language, and as new inventions or foreign objects come to be known by Eorzeans new words are constructed or taken wholesale in their original form.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Writing Notes: Based on English. Accents vary; Lominsan Dhonic is akin to Cornwall English - very classically \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93sailor\u8217\'92s / pirate english.\u8221\'94 Gridanian Dhonic is akin to Welsh, while Ul\u8217\'92dahn English can be thought of as London for the common folk and High Received for the elite.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Hyuran}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Cetranish: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brought by the Midlander Hyur to Eorzea ages ago and named for the old gods the Midlander Hyurs worshipped prior to the adoption of the Eorzean Twelve, the ancestral tongue of the Midlanders has mostly fallen out of favour with Hyuran families since, as noted above, it has more or less \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93evolved\u8221\'94 into Dhonic. Traces of it can be found in the accents and idioms of more rural hyuran settlements, however, and study of the language remains common amongst scholars, given the prolific amounts of writing by hyurs before the rise and spread of Dhonic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Galadhish}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Elezen}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elphamois: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elphamois Silva (Elphasilva)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elphamois Sera (Elphasera)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elphamois Cielo (Elphacielo)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Ilsabardian Languages}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Garlataen}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Othardian Languages}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yamago}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Auri Khel / Xaela Khel\tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Dead\u8221\'94 Languages}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Allagan}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1}